User agreement and privacy statement

The contract between you and the copyright owner of "cool cam" (hereinafter referred to as the APP) has the legal effect of the contract, please read it carefully.

I. contents, effectiveness and alteration of this agreement. The content of this agreement includes the body of the agreement and all rules published or may be published by the APP in the future. All rules are integral parts of this agreement and have the same legal effect as the text of this agreement. If you have any questions about the agreement, you should consult the APP. As long as you use the platform services of this APP, this agreement shall bind you. At that time, you shall not claim the invalidity of this agreement or demand the cancellation of this agreement for reasons such as not reading the content of this agreement or not getting the answers to your questions from this APP. You confirm that: the terms of this agreement are the contract to deal with the rights and obligations of both parties, which is always valid. If there are other mandatory provisions of laws or special agreements between the two parties, such provisions shall apply. You undertake to accept and abide by the terms of this agreement. If you do not agree with the provisions of this agreement, you should immediately stop the registration process or stop using the APP platform services. The APP shall have the right to formulate and modify this agreement and/or various rules from time to time as required, and publicize the agreement on the APP platform without further notice to users. The revised agreement and rules shall take effect as soon as they are published in the APP. If you do not agree to the relevant changes, you shall immediately stop using the APP platform services. If you continue to use the service of the APP platform, it means that you accept the revised agreement and rules.

Ii. All data and charts published on the APP platform are for reference only. The user expressly agrees that the risk of using the network services of the APP platform shall be completely borne by the user; All consequences arising from its use of the network services of the APP platform shall also be borne by itself, and the APP platform shall not assume any responsibility for users.

Third, users of this APP platform in this APP platform for all kinds of activities, we will be under your approval and confirmation, through the registration form and other forms require you to provide some personal information, such as: your name, gender, age, date of birth, id number, home address, education degree, company, industry, etc. We will not disclose any of your information to any third party in any way without your consent.

Iv. When the government judicial authorities require the APP platform to disclose personal data in accordance with legal procedures, we will provide personal data according to the requirements of law enforcement agencies or for the purpose of public safety. The APP platform shall not be liable for any disclosure under such circumstances.

The APP platform shall not be held liable for the disclosure, loss, theft or alteration of personal data caused by hacking attacks, computer virus invasion or outbreak, temporary shutdown caused by government control or other force majeure events affecting the normal operation of the network.

Vi. The APP platform shall be exempt from liability for the disclosure of personal data caused by other websites linked to the APP platform and any legal disputes and consequences caused thereby.

Vii. If the service of the APP platform is suspended due to system maintenance or upgrading, it will be announced in advance. The APP platform shall not be held responsible for any inconvenience and loss caused by the suspension of service due to hardware failure or other force majeure beyond the control of the website.

Viii. Users of the APP platform who violate the laws of the People's Republic of China by violating the provisions of this declaration shall be responsible for all consequences, and the APP platform shall not assume any responsibility.

Ix. Anyone who logs on the APP platform in any way or USES the information of the APP platform directly or indirectly shall be deemed to be bound by the declaration of the APP platform voluntarily.

X. for the issues not covered by this declaration, please refer to relevant laws and regulations of the state. In case of any conflict between this declaration and national laws and regulations, national laws and regulations shall prevail.

Xi. The APP platform does not guarantee that the network service can meet the requirements of users, nor does it guarantee that the network service will not be interrupted, nor does it guarantee the timeliness, security and accuracy of the network service.

Xii. The APP platform does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of external links set for the convenience of users, and the APP platform shall not assume any responsibility for any web page or content on the platform that is not actually controlled by the APP platform.

Xiii. The APP platform shall not assume any responsibility for network service interruption or other defects caused by force majeure or reasons beyond the control of the APP platform, but shall do its best to reduce the losses and influences caused to users.

Xiv. The format and picture copyright of all pages on the APP platform are owned by the APP platform. Without authorization, it shall not be used on any site other than the APP platform.

Xv. The declaration of the APP platform, the right of modification, update and final interpretation of the platform are all owned by the APP platform.
