#User Agreement and Privacy Statement

This agreement is a contract between you and the copyright owner of "QS Say" (hereinafter referred to as this APP). It has the legal effect of the contract. Please read it carefully.

1. The content, effective and changed of this agreement. The content of this agreement includes the text of the agreement and all the rules that have been published by the APP or may be released in the future. All rules are an integral part of this agreement and have the same legal effect as the body of the agreement. If you have any questions about the agreement, you should consult this APP. As long as you use this APP platform service, this agreement will impose restrictions on you. At that time, you should not claim that this agreement is invalid or request cancellation if you have not read the contents of this agreement or have not obtained the answer to your inquiry. this agreement. You acknowledge that the terms of this Agreement are contracts that deal with the rights and obligations of both parties and are always valid. If there are other mandatory provisions in the law or if the parties have other special agreements, the provisions shall be followed. You are committed to accept and abide by the terms of this agreement. If you do not agree to the terms of this agreement, you should immediately stop the registration process or stop using the APP platform services. This APP has the right to arbitrarily formulate and revise this Agreement and/or various rules as needed, and to post it on this APP platform without further separate notice to the user. The changed agreements and rules will be effective as soon as they are posted on the APP. If you do not agree to the changes, you should stop using this APP platform service immediately. By continuing to use this APP Platform Service, you are accepting the revised Agreement and Rules.

2. All materials and charts published on this APP platform are for reference only. The user expressly agrees that the risk of using the APP platform network service will be entirely at his own risk; all consequences arising from the use of the APP platform network service are also borne by him or herself, and the APP platform does not assume any responsibility to the user.

3. When users of this APP platform participate in various activities organized by this APP platform, we will ask you to provide some personal information, such as your name, gender and age, through your registration form and other forms with your consent and confirmation. , date of birth, ID number, home address, education level, company status, industry, etc. We will never disclose any of your information to any third party in any way without your consent.

4. When the government judicial authority requires the APP platform to disclose personal data in accordance with legal procedures, we will provide personal data according to the requirements of the law enforcement unit or for the purpose of public safety. In this case, any disclosure of this APP platform is exempt from liability.

5. Any APP data leaked, lost, stolen or tampered with due to hacker attacks, computer virus intrusion or seizures, temporary closure due to government regulation, etc., which may affect the normal operation of the network. Disclaimer.

6. This APP Platform is exempt from liability for disclosure of personal data caused by other websites linked to this APP platform and any legal disputes and consequences resulting therefrom.
 
7. If the APP platform needs to suspend service due to system maintenance or upgrade, it will be announced in advance. This APP platform is not responsible for any inconvenience and loss caused during the suspension of service due to hardware failures caused by hardware failures or other force majeure beyond the control of the website.
 
8. The users of this APP platform violate the laws of the People's Republic of China for violating the provisions of this statement, and all consequences are their own responsibility. This APP platform does not assume any responsibility.
 
9. Anyone who accesses this APP platform in any way or directly or indirectly uses the information of this APP platform is deemed to be willing to accept the restrictions of this APP platform statement.
 
10. For issues not covered by this statement, please refer to relevant national laws and regulations. When this statement conflicts with national laws and regulations, the national laws and regulations shall prevail.
 
11. This APP platform does not guarantee that the network service will meet the requirements of the users, nor guarantee that the network services will not be interrupted, and the timeliness, security and accuracy of the network services are not guaranteed.
 
12. The APP platform does not guarantee the accuracy and completeness of external links set up for the convenience of users. At the same time, for the content of any web pages or platforms that are not actually controlled by the APP platform. The APP platform is not responsible for it.
 
13. This APP platform assumes no responsibility for network service interruption or other defects caused by force majeure or reasons beyond the control of this APP platform, but will try its best to reduce the losses and impacts caused to users.
 
14. The layout and image copyrights of all pages of this APP platform are owned by this APP platform and may not be used for any site other than this APP platform without authorization.
 
15. The statement of this APP platform and its right of modification, renewal and final interpretation are all owned by this APP platform.
